>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're
gonna get started, and
we're going to walk through
a variation of a solution.
So this is a bit more
exploratory in nature, but
we'll just kind of point
some of these things out.
So first and foremost,
we'll start with the app module.
So you can see here this
kind of just contains
almost a manifest of
everything in the application.
So, our different components
that we're importing in.
Then we're adding them
in our declarations.
Then we have our imports, so importing
the BrowserModule which kind of has
Angular Core, forms, HTTP, and so
forms are obviously for our forms.
HTTP is so
that we can make service side calls.
And then what's more interesting
is the routing module.
So then what we have here is
we just move to the side here.
We're defining our routes, and
I thought this was interesting.
It's like, well, this is of type routes.
And really what this is,
is it's really an array of a route object.
So it's really a route collection.
So you can just check it out here and
see that, path,
component there's all these
kind of different properties.
So one of the benefits of type script
is that if you have a question about
what something is, how it works.
Most browsers I'm a fan of web storm but
will allow you to actually click and
jump into the source code and
learn more about it.
So for instance if you learn about routes.
There like paths, components,
like those are interesting, like redirect.
As you can start to see all of
the different things that this
does within the typing's file so I have
a protip that doesn't cost you anything.
But when you see this but this is
actually a collection of route objects.
And so in our case, we have path redirect,
so we're saying if you just go to nothing,
let's go ahead and redirect to items,
which then gets picked up here.
And it pulls in the item component.
But because we have a child component,
then it'll put into here.
So we'll get into this more
when we get into routing.
But I think as a whole,
this reads pretty well and
if there's also we have a wild card here,
so
if something doesn't match up,
then it just goes to the ItemsComponent.
But this is really just
an array of objects
that happens to line up with an interface.
And then we're calling for root,
so that we get this fully formed
essentially router provider that
we can use in our application.
And then let's just check
out the app component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And here we have
a title that we're gonna bind to.
So if I click here,
we can go into our template and
see here I'm binding to the title,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
you can see here router-outlet,
so this is where our components
are being loaded, via the router.
Then we have really a links, it's just an
object that has essentially a link table.
So we'll get into this
a little bit more as well.
But then,
let's step into our items component,
and so now when we go to items in the URL,
or we navigate to that route,
then we're loading essentially
the items component,
and so what this does is,
it's actually doing quite a bit.
And so this kind of the parent
component for managing items.
So listing the items, updating the item,
deleting the item, etc.
But let's look into the template here.
You'll notice here that one,
we have a router outlet,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
this is where, essentially if we have
a child route, that this goes in here.
So when we select an item.
This child route is being
loaded into this router outlet.
But more importantly
that you would think for
all of the mark up that
there would be more.
But we've actually encapsulated this and
marked it into sub components.
So app items list, we are passing
the items and app item detail or
we're passing a single item.
So again, more on to this, but
you can see we have a component, so
really a top level component.
Really, like a sub components such as,
items.
With then, that holds even more
specific sub components such as,
like an item's list, and
then an item detail.
And so, what I really want us to match
in our mind, is we go through this,
is that we have tree of items,
or this tree of components.
We have this component tree where we start
our very general, so our application
component, that then composes
these kind of very specific
branches of functionality
that we define as features.
And so the idea today is learn
how to build a single feature and
then tomorrow learn how
to put these together.
And so we have that.
Now let's go into real quick if
you look here in our item service.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In this case
we're calling load items that is then
essentially loaded in the items and
returning it, and
then within our item's component,
then we are basically
taking that result and
then performing operations.
But, let's do this real quick,
if we go here to item's service.
If we just had a property items message.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Holla at yer items.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, so now that we
have a property we can then consume it.
So if we go into our items component,
then we can go this.itemsMessage =
this.itemsService.itemsMessage.
And so if anybody has been doing ES5 for
any amount of time like it's really easy.
At least for me I've kind of become
desensitized but the fact that
you can do something like rather let's go
items message equals
like that in JavaScript.
So people in java and .Net are like duh.
Like of course,
like that totally makes sense but
at least for me not having that for
like ever is kind of new and
exciting to me.
So items message and now let's go to our
items component and let's drop a bomb.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Any questions?
So really we're pulling
data from this service into
a component that you're
binding to in your template.
I'm seeing some hands.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Can you
use destructuring there?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Can I
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In terms of
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
trying to think of, so you can use
destructuring and I do use destructuring.
I'm trying to think of
how we would do it here.
Because this is a simple value.
So the answer is yes you
can use destructuring, and
I'm having a hard time thinking,
well, actually, so
if this was like an object in here, and I
wanted to pull a property off, absolutely.
I recommend using
destructuring when you can.
So one of the largest challenges
that we have right now,
with I think any modern JavaScript
project is all of the moving pieces,
so how many here have heard
of JavaScript fatigue?
I think everyone, my God.
>> Speaker 2: Learning JavaScript in 2016.
>> Speaker 3: [CROSSTALK] Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I think this is
important before we jump of.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Uh-huh.
>> Speaker 2: Chris is asking
what is destructuring?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
destructuring is, it basically gives
you ability to pull
properties off of an object.
So let me just show.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what this allows,
let me just zoom this out.
What it allows you to do, if you
are getting an object in, it allows you to
automatically destructure that object, and
pull just the properties off you want, and
automatically assign
that to a local variable.
And so, this becomes actually pretty
handy when you're dealing with like for
instance, parameters.
Within a function call or
something like that.
Or you're getting a large object and
you just really quickly want to pull off
specific properties off of it,
this is what this allows you to do.
So, you can see here that we
have an array of 1 and 2.
In this case,
it's doing it by order is that
by destructuring, we are creating
a local variable a, a local variable b.
And it's assigning it to 1 and 2.
Let me see if they, more importantly,
I'd prefer to do this with objects.
See if we go down here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Come on, here we go.
So essentially, if this was over here,
it allows you to essentially
pull these off, really
peel a property off of an object, and
assign a local variable, in a nutshell.
That's what that is.
If we have any ES6 or
typescript.wizards in the chat room,
you'll feel free to add
in additional commentary.
But that's something that
was introduced in ES6, and
we used it in type script as well.